Tutorials (#221)
applied-material-modeling/neml2: doc/tutorials/getting_started.md

## Downstream C++ project

> NEML2 core capabilities are implemented as a _library_, not a _program_. As a library, it shall be used in another C++ program to parse and evaluate a material model defined in an [input file](@ref tutorials-models-input-file). Boilerplate for the C++ program can be found in this [set of tutorials](#tutorials-models), and external project integration is documented in the [installation guide](@ref external-project-integration).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NEML2 core capabilities are implemented as a _library_, not a _program_. As a library, it will be used by another C++ program to parse and evaluate a material model defined in an [input file](@ref tutorials-models-input-file). Boilerplate for the C++ program can be found in this [set of tutorials](#tutorials-models), and external project integration is documented in the [installation guide](@ref external-project-integration).
```

  --warmup         number of warmup runs before actually measuring the model evaluation time [nargs=0..1] [default: 0]
```

## Python script

> The other option to evaluate NEML2 material models is to use the NEML2 Pyton package. As mentioned in the [installation guide](@ref install), NEML2 also provides an _experimental_ Python package which provides bindings for the primitive tensors and parsers for deserializing and running material models. This [set of tutorials](#tutorials-models) describe the usage of the package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The other option to evaluate NEML2 material models is to use the NEML2 Python package. As mentioned in the [installation guide](@ref install), NEML2 also provides an _experimental_ Python package which provides bindings for the primitive tensors and parsers for deserializing and running material models. This [set of tutorials](#tutorials-models) describes the usage of the package.
```
